README.md, before:

Salesforce Chatter Bot for Topics
=========================

Overview
----------------
Chatter Bot for Topics is a way to easily listen for topic assignments to a Chatter post and take action.
An example would be to automatically create a Case when a topic is assigned to a Chatter post.
Unfortunately, you cannot just leverage Process Builder to monitor the creation of a TopicAssignment object.
This project makes it easy by monitoring the topics that you want and then creating a custom object that you can leverage within Process Builder.

For background details, our inspiration, instructional videos, and what the future may hold, please [read our blog post](https://douglascayers.com/2016/11/13/create-case-when-chatter-topic-assigned-or-crm-ai-with-chatter-bot/).

Installation
----------------------

* [Deploy from Github](https://githubsfdeploy.herokuapp.com)

Getting Started
----------------------

1. Deploy code using link above
2. Assign **Chatter Bot Topics Admin** permission set to your user
3. Switch to **Chatter Bot Topics** app
4. Create a new **Chatter Bot Topic** object with the topic name you want to listen for and set to active

Everytime a topic with that name is assigned to a Chatter post then a **Chatter Bot Topic Assignment** will be created. You can use Process Builder to execute when that object is created and take any actions that you need.

Commit message:

added links to video tutorials

README.md, after:

Salesforce Chatter Bot for Topics
=================================

Overview
--------

Chatter Bot for Topics is a way to easily listen for topic assignments to a Chatter post and take action.
An example would be to automatically create a Case when a topic is assigned to a Chatter post.
Unfortunately, you cannot just leverage Process Builder to monitor the creation of a TopicAssignment object.
This project makes it easy by monitoring the topics that you want and then creating a custom object that you can leverage within Process Builder.

For background details, our inspiration, instructional videos, and what the future may hold, please [read our blog post](https://douglascayers.com/2016/11/13/create-case-when-chatter-topic-assigned-or-crm-ai-with-chatter-bot/).


Installation
------------

* [Deploy from Github](https://githubsfdeploy.herokuapp.com)


Getting Started
---------------

1. Deploy code using link above
2. Assign **Chatter Bot Topics Admin** permission set to your user
3. Switch to **Chatter Bot Topics** app
4. Create a new **Chatter Bot Topic** object with the topic name you want to listen for and set to active

Everytime a topic with that name is assigned to a Chatter post then a **Chatter Bot Topic Assignment** will be created. You can use Process Builder to execute when that object is created and take any actions that you need.


Chatter Bot for Topics Video Tutorials
--------------------------------------

Learn how to quickly create a new case on topic assignment using just Process Builder.

[![create case with process builder](images/create_case_with_process_builder_video.png)](https://youtu.be/7rf5Vv8Uii4)

Learn how to create a new case and post comment back with link to that case using Flow.

[![create case with flow](images/create_case_with_flow_video.png)](https://youtu.be/s1LYJfD2Vx0)
